# CPS Meeting

### Planning Notes:
* Updates:
  * Presentation
  * Diagram
  * Adding more complex objects to the environment
* Questions:
  * Priority for the next two weeks?

### Meeting Notes:
1-3: 2:29
4: 0:43
5-6: 0:46
7-8: 2:01
9: 1:33
10-11: 1:23
12: 0:47
13: 3:03

* Zainab presentation notes:
  * Good use of examples for the abstraction slide
  * Use coding agents instead of the term LLM
    * Should we add a note about creating a testing framework
  * We want to do object segmentation
* Presentation slides notes:
  * Python-based workflow should not be a main challenge
  * Unsure if we support parallel execution
* Feedback:
  * We need a software architecture diagram rather than just the control flow. How is the middle box different from the IvoryOS orchestration layer
  * Differentiating what we have done vs. what we haven't done is important.
  * The key ideas map directly into the three layers, but we don't want to tell people things that they already know
    * We designed this with Hein Lab as a target. We made a bunch of assumptions (e.g. one computer that drives all these devices) and came up with a middlebox architecture. Hein Lab ends up getting new people each year who add more scripts so RABIT is a way to ensure that we don't result in errors.
  * Need to be transparent since a lot of this was designed for Hein Lab but we are software people so we want our solution to be more general. We want to be able to continue serving Hein Lab but would like to make this generalizable so we can service other labs as well.
  * We don't want to propose a new orchestrator. We would like to continue using the existing orchestrator. We should learn more about how this works.

* "We don't have an architecture diagram right now"

* Architecture
  * Contains boxes for `Real lab`, `lofi testbed`, `sim`
  * Middlebox contains RABIT and RATracer
  * We are using Hein Lab API at the RATracer level
    * How does this fit into the picture?
  * The JSON file is a particular experiment
  * What does the flow of commands look like like?

* Get the manufacturer specifications. How much can we get from the specs online.
* What does Ivory get when she adds a device in terms of information about the device?


### Action Items: