# CPS Meeting

### Planning Notes
* Update:
  * ROS Simulator
    * Working on creating API to control the robots using joint positions and IK
      * Independent movement
      * Simultaneous movement
    * Adding functionality to use config file rather than CLI inputs
    * Adding functionality to regenerate the ros package after changes have been made to the config file
    * Add demo scripts that get automatically generated when creating a new package to be used as a smoke test
      * Move each arm independently using joint positions
      * Move arms simultaneously using joint positions
      * Move each arm independently using IK
      * Move arms simultaneously using IK
  * IvoryOS case study + thinking about new designs
  * Going through AlabOS design
    * Simulation environment but more so on the higher-level logic
  * Submitted progress report
* Questions:
  * What are the next steps for the simulator?
    * Adding support for other vendors
    * Adding additional object to the simulator
    * Adding a gripper
  * What is the long term goal? Still have the goal of running experiments from third-parties?

### Meeting Notes
* We should have a conversation with Hein Lab about possibly creating a more generalizable version of IvoryOS with more flexibility
* Orchestrator: software that gets compared with operating systems
  * OS in the context of SDL orchestration is "Orchestration System", not Operating System
* Political reasons are restricting people from using an orchestrator built from another lab
* Industry professionals are more willing to use someone else's SDL orchestrator
* Sila is a company that is creating software for every kind of hardware/instrument
* Introspection used in IvoryOS
* How did IvoryOS get to where it is now?
* IvoryOS is always worried about maintenance
* We don't necessarily need IvoryOS to adopt our platform, but it would be much easier if they did. We need to be able to demonstrate a use-case and an example
* RABIT
  * RABIT is a submodule of "rate-tracer"
  * The control flow is going back and forth between RABIT and Rate-Tracer. There are not two separate processes.
  * RABIT is started from the tracer.
  * If you want to update RABIT, you need to shutdown the whole system then make the updates
  * On a live deck, you don't want to shut down all the experiments. The should keep going.
* Interesting project potential:
  * Give a new device to Claude and see if it can implement the new device functions when given the tracer API

### Action Items
* Need to understand the software architecture of the different OSes
  * Try to find the common ground between the different systems
* Try creating the ROS package using a RABIT configuration file
* Simulator:
  * Get it working properly with the API -> ensure that the robots are moving as expected given certain joint positions or coordinates
  * Try adding additional robots
  * Try adding other objects to the simulator
  * Try adding a gripper