# 1-on-1 with Zainab

### Planning Notes:

### Meeting Notes:
* Three things:
  * Create a list of all the OS's that labs are using
  * Think about the design of IvoryOS

* How to run it:
  * Simply run the Python file after pip installing the PyPi IvoryOS
* Youtube videos:
  * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFfJv9I2-1g
* For now, ROS and IvoryOS development can be done in parallel
  * Should be prioritizing the ROS development
* An experiment can consist of one or more workflows
  * This is what Zainab is defining
* There is a UR simulator
* You can do the testing by using dummy devices
  * Dummy devices can consist of doing some form of logging
* The experiment scripts don't actually care about what's happening on the lower layer that is communicating with ROS
  * The higher level scripts are more abstracted and are a direct correlation to the actual actions of the experiment

* First we need to do a review of the different OS's and then decide how we will design the higher level application

* Questions:
  * Hein Lab Linux
    * Middlebox is a computer. The middlebox is connected to our devices. The server is running on the middlebox that is "catching the commands". The middlebox is used to monitor all the commands without altering the work that is being done by the SDL. This means that the python file simply gets run on their.
    * Middlebox is running Windows 
    * There is essentially a client side and a server side version for each of the commands (what the user asks for 

* First step is being able to send a command to the robot


### Action Items:
* Need to determine how the vendor APIs are talking to the robot

1. Determine how to maneuver the robots using MoveIt2 using a script rather than using Rviz. Start with simple start and goal positions then experiment with more complex configurations.
2. Understand how the interbotix_ros_manipulators repo works and how the robots are being controlled.
3. Further experiment with IvoryOS to get a better understanding of how it works and start thinking about a more efficient software design.
4. Create a list of all the different operating systems that are being used in SDLs. Use these to help motivate improvements to the design of IvoryOS.
5. [Potentially] determine how the vendor APIs are communicating directly with the robots and compare this to ROS2. 