### Planning Notes:
- What do we need to do next?
    1. Thoroughly document the current state of the project
    2. Check what software other labs are using and technology and 
    3. Create new plan with concrete timeline and tangible tasks
        - Include tasks to be completed during the DS and afterwards
    4. Update environment set up script and overall documentation
    5. Thoroughly test the bringup scripts that create the packages
        - Try with different positions and placements and different number of robots
    6. Place objects in the brought up environment and essentially construct an environment “from hand”
        - How can we do this efficiently
    7. Add compatability for other robots (non-UR robots)

---

- Questions:
    - What is the end goal of the project?
        - Is the idea that people will have access to the simulator as they are building their scripts?
        - Can we use moveit2 and gazebo?
    - What is the plan for after my directed studies concludes? Will there be another student taking this on?
        - How will the handoff look?
        - Another USRA person may come on and take over → this is difficult but it is not worth doing a masters or phd thesis since it just requires engineering work
    - How will the directed studies be evaluated?
        - How should I document my work → there will be a lot of trial and error
        - Will it be based on deliverables or the overall process?
    - How should we be checking collisions?
    
### Meeting Notes:
- Should look at the other code repositories of self driving labs
    - Get an idea of what software and packages that other labs are using
- We should use one JSON file and then run a script that generates the other files
- Other labs
    - Matter Lab
    - Berlinguette Lab
    - THERE ARE MORE IN THE DISCORD CHANNEL (7 TOTAL)
- We should be using AI for accelerating the engineering work
- Ivory has built the software without the input of other CS
- Other labs may not be using Ivory OS but would come up with something similar
- The work that Zainab is currently working on:
    - Using NLP to create the RABBIT configuration
    - First trying to generate the rules that have already been created, but using NLP so that the output can be verified against the already hard-coded rules

- Zainab Presentation:
    - Ivory OS is a plug in play that Hein Lab uses
    - We need to understand Ivory OS so that we can develop a top layer for it
    - Add UI set up for Ivory OS from rabbit
    - Questions:
        - how is human safety ensured?
    - How is AI used?
        - CV and checking scripts with AI
    - Notes:
        - CV being used in hein lab for observations (eg is something dissolved)

### Actionable Items:
- Start going through the numbered list
- Read the paper about IvoryOS
- Document what robots and software tools each of the labs are using
    - May need to contact them directly → should check with Zainab before sending them an email (she may have already asked before)
- Create a presentation about the current state of the project
- Test the simulation environment with several robots

### Unanswered Questions:
* How will the directed studies be evaluated?